h1. Which movies will you like the most?

This script scrapes the most downloaded, high resolution, movies from the "Piratebay":http://thepiratebay.org, and checks the what grade you would give them at "Filmtipset":http://filmtipset.se (Swedish movie recommendation service). You can also start with a directory of files, and look them up on Filmtipset.

Example output:

bc. Movies not seen, by grade
-------------------------
5  The Art of Flight  http://www.filmtipset.se/film/art-of-flight.html
5  Niceville          http://www.filmtipset.se/film/the-help.html
4  Warrior            http://www.filmtipset.se/film/warrior.html
4  Tropa de Elite     http://www.filmtipset.se/film/tropa-de-elite.html
4  Trassel            http://www.filmtipset.se/film/trassel.html
...

You want to use another serivce? Fork and add your own. I would love to have pluggable backends, but I don't have the time. If you build it, and the code is good, I'll accept the pull request.

h2. Specify Access key and Filmtipset user ID

# *Rename <code>access_key.py.sample</code>* to <code>access_key.py</code>
# Add a proper *access key* and *user id* in access_key.py. Get your access key by following the instructions on "Filmtipset's API page":http://nyheter24.se/filmtipset/api.cgi, and get your user id by "searching for your username":http://nyheter24.se/filmtipset/search_member.cgi and mouseover your nick, the member parameter is your user id. With those two changes, all requests are identified as your own (so I don't get the blame if you spam the API), and all grades will be based on your own accout.

h2. How to fetch the most popular moview from Piratebay

# Start a terminal, navigate to get_from_piratebay.py and type: <code>python get_from_piratebay.py</code>
# You can also customize the number of pages of results that should be fetched from Piratebay. Just add the number of pages as a command line parameter: <code>python get_from_piratebay.py 5</code>

h2. How to lookup the grades from some local filenames

# Start a terminal, navigate to lookup_filesystem.py and type: <code>python lookup_filesystem.py [local directory]</code>

h2. License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2012 Emil Stenström

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
